SolidusPaypalBraintree
======================

Introduction goes here.

Installation
------------

Add solidus_paypal_braintree to your Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'solidus_paypal_braintree'
```

Bundle your dependencies and run the installation generator:

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rails g solidus_paypal_braintree:install
```

Usage
-----

This gem extends Solidus by providing a new payment method and source, named
`SolidusPaypalBraintree::Gateway` and `SolidusPaypalBraintree::Source` respectively.
All payment types - PayPal, ApplePay, and Credit Cards - are supported through
the same payment method.

The payment method requires 3 preferences to be set to process payments:
- `merchant_id`
- `public_key`
- `private_key`

These values can be obtained by logging in to your Braintree account and going
to `Account -> My User` and clicking `View Authorizations` in the **API Keys,
Tokenization Keys, Encryption Keys** section.

The payment method also provides an optional preference `merchant_currency_map`.
This preference allows users to provide different Merchant Account Ids for
different currencies. If you only plan to accept payment in one currency, the
defaut Merchant Account Id will be used and you can omit this option.
An example of setting this preference can be found
[here](https://github.com/solidusio/solidus_paypal_braintree/blob/master/spec/spec_helper.rb#L70-L72).

Store Configuration
-------------------

This gem adds a configuration model - `SolidusPaypalBraintree::Configuration` -
that belongs to `Spree::Store` as `braintree_configuration`. In multi-store
Solidus applications, this model allows admins to enable/disable payment types
on a per-store basis.

The migrations for this gem will add a default configuration to all stores that
has each payment type disabled. It also adds a `before_create` callback to
`Spree::Store` that builds a default configuration. You can customize the
default configuration that gets created by overriding the private
`build_default_configuration` method on `Spree::Store`.

A view override is provided that adds a `Braintree` tab to the admin settings
submenu. Admins can go here to edit the configuration for each store.

PayPal
------

A default checkout view is provided that will display PayPal as a payment option.
It will only be displayed if the `SolidusPaypalBraintree::Gateway` payment
method is configured to display on the frontend and PayPal is enabled in the
store's configuration.

The checkout view
[initializes the PayPal button](/lib/views/frontend/spree/checkout/payment/_paypal_braintree.html.erb)
using the
[vault flow](https://developers.braintreepayments.com/guides/paypal/overview/javascript/v3),
which allows the source to be reused.

If you are creating your own checkout view or would like to customize the
[options that get passed to tokenize](https://braintree.github.io/braintree-web/3.6.3/PayPal.html#tokenize)
, you can initialize your own using the `PaypalButton` JS object:

```javascript
var button = new PaypalButton(document.querySelector("#your-button-id"));

button.initialize({
  // your configuration options here
});
```

After successful tokenization, a callback function is invoked that submits the
transaction via AJAX and advances the order to confirm. It is possible to provide
your own callback function to customize the behaviour after tokenize as follows:

```javascript
var button = new PaypalButton(document.querySelector("#your-button-id"));

button.setTokenizeCallback(your-callback);
```

Testing
-------

First bundle your dependencies, then run `rake`. `rake` will default to building the dummy app if it does not exist, then it will run specs, and [Rubocop](https://github.com/bbatsov/rubocop) static code analysis. The dummy app can be regenerated by using `rake test_app`.

```shell
bundle
bundle exec rake
```

When testing your applications integration with this extension you may use it's factories.
Simply add this require statement to your spec_helper:

```ruby
require 'solidus_paypal_braintree/factories'
```

Copyright (c) 2016 Stembolt, released under the New BSD License
